feat(explorer): indicate unsaved query changes (#3446)
latticexyz/mud: .changeset/curly-carrots-sit.md

---
"@latticexyz/explorer": patch
---

> The SQL editor now displays an indicator for unsaved changes.

Reviewer: what does "unsaved" mean? makes me think that can we save queries, but I don't think that's true? maybe rephrase a bit?

```suggestion
The SQL editor now shows an indicator when the query has changed but has not been run.
```

Author: Yeah this sounds better, thanks!
